Is the wind still there?
I won't let you go.
Really?
Wait until I take down his trash kid
Who will clean up who is not certain, Secretary Yang
I asked someone to give you one.
Or are you going down by yourself?
Never mind.
It's dead anyway
Do it, this little girl looks okay
How about less nonsense
This woman is not easy to deal with
Don't go wrong yes yes yes yes
Looks like it's time to take the next step
You run so fast?
Dr. Ding is really sincere, isn't that thanks to you?
Dr. Ding is very skilled, but it is difficult to hire
How did he give you such face?
Isn't that easy?
I am the eldest young master of Huaqing Chamber of Commerce
Aqiu Chang is so handsome, I must give it to you
If you say that again, I will ignore you. Please speak well.
Don't be angry.
What's going on?
I'll investigate
The patient that Dr. Ding misdiagnosed
The doctor is his daughter